README.md, before:

<h2> Hey, I'm Santiago Cepeda </h2>
<p><em>Web Developer student at <a href="https://humber.ca/">Humber College</a>
</br>IT Support Technician with the <a href="https://www.comptia.org/en/certifications/a/">A+ certification</a><img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/WUlplcMpOCEmTGBtBW/giphy.gif" width="30"> 
</em></p>

[![Linkedin: santiagocepeda](https://img.shields.io/badge/-santiagocepeda-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/santiagocepeda/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/santiagocepeda/)
[![GitHub scepeday](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/thaiane?label=follow&style=social)](https://github.com/scepeday)


### A little more about me...  

```javascript
const santiago = {
  code: [Javascript, HTML, CSS, Python, Java, C#],
  tools: [Styled-Components, Docker, Linux(Arch c:)],
challenge: "Trying to get everything done the best I can to get a job as a developer or an IT technician :)"
}
```
<em><b>I love connecting with different people</b> so if you want to say <b>hi, I'll be happy to meet you more!</b></em>

---

Commit message:

Revise README with new introduction and skills
Updated README to enhance personal introduction and skills section.

README.md, after:

# Hey, I'm Santiago Cepeda 👋

Welcome to my GitHub! I'm a passionate computer science engineer with a love for web development, data engineering, and software development.

## About Me

- 🎓 **Major**: Software Engineering 
- 📍 **Location**: Toronto - Canada
- 💬 **Ask me about**: ThreeJS, Python, Data Engineering, Web Development, MMA  
- ⚡ **Fun Fact**: I train MMA but I'm actually a pretty nice guy 

## Skills & Technologies

Here are some of the tools and technologies I love working with:

- **Languages**: Python, Java, C#, C++, JavaScript
- **Databases**: MySQL, PostgreSQL
- **Tools**: GitHub, Git
- **Other**: Linux (Arch btw), Comptia A+

## Get in Touch

- 📧 [Email](mailto:scepedayb@gmail.com)
- 💼 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/santiagocepeda/)

Feel free to explore my repositories or get in touch with me if you have any questions or want to collaborate! 😄

## :zap: Recent Activity


![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=KevinAlexandro&hide_border=true&layout=compact)
